
Introduction:
    PrjRemote can simulate different components in the SIS system, component like Input Processor, Monitor, Alert, and Controller, etc.
    The program consists of two main parts: an Activity and a background thread that manager the socket connection with the SIS server.
    The program requires the Internet Permission, which is required to be configured in the application config file, AndroidManifest.xml.

Step 1:Set up development environment:
    Java JDK
        Please visit the following website for more information on how to install Java JDK:
        http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/index.html
    Android studio
        Please visit the following website for more information on how to install Android Studio:
        https://developer.android.com/studio/index.html

Step 2: Download Android SDK platforms and tools
    After installing Android Studio, we also need to download Android SDK platforms and tools to be able to develop an Android application.
    Note: There are many versions of Android SDK platforms and tools, it is unnecessary to download all the versions because it takes both time and resource to all of them.
        Please just download the versions that required by your project.
    I. Open SDK Manager by clicking SDK Manager on the Toolbar.
    II. Select respective SDK versions that you need to download, and then click OK button to start downloading.
    III. Select respective tool versions that you need to download, and then click OK button to start downloading.

Step 3: Import the project
    To import a downloaded project:
    I. Unpack the downloaded project package.
    II. In Android Studio, chose File > Import Project and select the root folder of the unpacked project.
    III. Android Studio may ask you to choose the type of project you are importing. If this is the case, make sure to choose Import project from external model and select the Gradle option.

Step 4: Compile the project
    In Android Studio, select your project and click Build from the toolbar, and then click Make Project.

Step 5: Run the project
    Please refer to the following web page:
        https://developer.android.com/training/basics/firstapp/running-app.html